New Resource: aws_glue_security_configuration (#6288)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/glue_security_configuration.html.markdown

---
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_glue_security_configuration"
sidebar_current: "docs-aws-resource-glue-security-configuration"
description: |-
  Manages a Glue Security Configuration
---

# aws_glue_security_configuration

Manages a Glue Security Configuration.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "aws_glue_security_configuration" "example" {
  name = "example"

  encryption_configuration {
    cloudwatch_encryption {
      cloudwatch_encryption_mode = "DISABLED"
    }

    job_bookmarks_encryption {
      job_bookmarks_encryption_mode = "DISABLED"
    }

    s3_encryption {
      kms_key_arn        = "${data.aws_kms_key.example.arn}"
      s3_encryption_mode = "SSE-KMS"
    }
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `encryption_configuration` – (Required) Configuration block containing encryption configuration. Detailed below.
* `name` – (Required) Name of the security configuration.

### encryption_configuration Argument Reference

> * `cloudwatch_encryption` - (Required) Configuration block containing encryption configuration for CloudWatch. Detailed below.

Reviewer: IMO this should be:

```suggestion
* `cloudwatch_encryption ` - (Required) A `cloudwatch_encryption ` block as described below, which contains encryption configuration for CloudWatch.
```

> * `job_bookmarks_encryption` - (Required) Configuration block containing encryption configuration for job bookmarks. Detailed below.

Reviewer: IMO this should be:

```suggestion
* `job_bookmarks_encryption ` - (Required) A `job_bookmarks_encryption ` block as described below, which contains encryption configuration for job bookmarks.
```

> * `s3_encryption` - (Required) Configuration block containing encryption configuration for S3 data. Detailed below.

Reviewer: IMO this should be:

```suggestion
* `s3_encryption` - (Required) A `s3_encryption ` block as described below, which contains encryption configuration for S3 data.
```

> #### cloudwatch_encryption Argument Reference

Reviewer: IMO this should be:

```suggestion
---

A `cloudwatch_encryption` block as defined below:
```

Author: Hmm 🤔 We don't use horizontal rule style anywhere else. Probably a standard we should discuss out of band and potentially fix everywhere at once.

> * `cloudwatch_encryption_mode` - (Optional) Encryption mode to use for CloudWatch data. Valid values: `DISABLED`, `SSE-KMS`. Default value: `DISABLED`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `cloudwatch_encryption_mode` - (Optional) Encryption mode to use for CloudWatch data. Possible values are `DISABLED`, `SSE-KMS`. Defaults to `DISABLED`.
```

* `kms_key_arn` - (Optional) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the KMS key to be used to encrypt the data.

> #### job_bookmarks_encryption Argument Reference

Reviewer: IMO this should be:

```suggestion
---

A `job_bookmarks_encryption` block as defined below:
```

> * `job_bookmarks_encryption_mode` - (Optional) Encryption mode to use for job bookmarks data. Valid values: `CSE-KMS`, `DISABLED`. Default value: `DISABLED`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `job_bookmarks_encryption_mode` - (Optional) Encryption mode to use for job bookmarks data. Possible values are `CSE-KMS`, `DISABLED`. Defaults to `DISABLED`.
```

* `kms_key_arn` - (Optional) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the KMS key to be used to encrypt the data.

> #### s3_encryption Argument Reference

Reviewer: IMO this should be:

```suggestion
---

A `s3_encryption` block as defined below:
```

> * `s3_encryption_mode` - (Optional) Encryption mode to use for S3 data. Valid values: `DISABLED`, `SSE-KMS`, `SSE-S3`. Default value: `DISABLED`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `s3_encryption_mode` - (Optional) Encryption mode to use for S3 data. Possible values are: `DISABLED`, `SSE-KMS`, `SSE-S3`. Defaults to `DISABLED`.
```

Author: Another style consistency thing to followup on, although we do have precedence for `Valid values:` and `Default value:` elsewhere.
